Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain a comedy and fantasy
film called "Beetlejuice."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
In a charming country home, married couple
Barbara and Adam Maitland spend their vacation
at home.
The happy couple joke around but stop when
Barbara's cousin, Jane, arrives.
Jane eagerly tells Barbara that she got an
offer on their house.
Barbara turns her away, not interested in
selling her home.
But Jane insists that the house is too big
for a couple without children.
The notion has Barbara worrying how she and
Adam have no children.
Seeing her saddened face, Jane apologizes.
Barbara directs her cousin out the door and
says goodbye.
Adam opens the window in the basement but
sees Jane peeking in, telling him about the
offer.
Adam tells her no and shuts the blinds.
Then, he asks Barbara to go to the store with
him to pick up some supplies.
The couple gets in their car and drives to
town.
Barbara mentions how Jane thinks their house
should be for a big family.
Adam jokes that maybe they should try starting
one during their vacation.
They arrive at their hardware store, where
Adam quickly gathers the supplies he needs.
As they're driving back, Adam asks Barbara
if she'd rather spend their vacation somewhere
else, but she's happy to stay at home.
Adam spots a dog on the road, forcing Barbara
to swerve to the side.
The car drops into the river with the couple
still inside.
Back at home, Adam and Barbara enter, soaking
wet.
They sit close to the fireplace to warm themselves.
The fire bursts for a moment, startling the
two.
Barbara sees her fingers lit as if they were
candles.
She shakes the flames away, confused that
it didn't even hurt.
With no memory of how they got back to the
house, Adam decides to retrace his steps.
He exits the house only to land on a strange
desert with a giant sandworm closing in.
Barbara pulls him back up the house, telling
him that he'd been gone for two hours.
Inside the house, Barbara shows him that they
have no reflection in the mirror.
Then, she points to a book on the side table
titled "Handbook for the Recently Deceased."
With all the strange things happening, Barbara
concludes that they didn't survive the car
crash.
After the revelation, the couple turns to
the book for answers.
Instead of spiritual answers, the book bears
technical instructions which confuse them.
Beneath the house, a strange figure reads
the paper, taking particular interest in the
Maitlands listed on the obituary.
In the attic, Barbara cleans the house but
gives up.
She complains that there's no one to explain
to them what's going on.
Adam suggests that they might be alone in
heaven, but Barbara retorts that heaven shouldn't
be dusty.
They hear a car from outside and spots Jane
with her son, mourning for them.
Adam tries to get her attention, but she doesn't
notice.
Barbara gets frustrated at the book, but Adam
suggests that they have nothing to worry about
since they're dead.
Unbeknownst to them, Jane has already sold
their house.
On the next day, the Maitlands wake up to
a loud rumbling.
The new homeowners have arrived: a real estate
developer, Charlie Deetz, his new wife Delia,
and his daughter, Lydia.
Charlie is excited to live in a countryside
home, but Delia is displeased.
Delia's mood lightens when her interior designer
friend, Otho, arrives to help her renovate
the house.
Hearing the family's conversation downstairs,
Barbara laments that they're being punished.
But Adam is optimistic, plotting a plan.
Delia and Otho mock the house and mark areas
to make changes.
They open the closet in the bedroom and turn
the light on.
Inside, Barbara is hanging by her neck, then
pulls off her skin to add to the scare.
Delia and Otho gasp and comment on how small
the closet is.
They do not see Barbara at all.
The two move on to the office, where Adam's
headless body is on the floor.
Barbara stands beside him, holding his head
in one hand and a knife in the other.
Again, the two don't see them.
Charlie jumps in, surprising Delia and Otho.
Charlie and Delia argue about the house, with
Delia insisting on redecorating.
Charlie gives up and asks to at least leave
the office as it is.
Hearing that Otho and Delia are heading to
the attic, Adam's headless body quickly rushes
upstairs and locks the door in front of them.
In the office, Barbara is tired of seeing
the people invading their house.
She heads to the back door and jumps into
the desert.
Adam follows her and spots the giant sandworm
coming after them.
The monster opens its mouth, but Barbara punches
it on the nose, making it recoil.
The couple goes back inside, escaping the
monster.
That evening, the Deetzes have takeouts for
dinner, much to Delia's disappointment.
Charlie promises Lydia to turn the basement
into her darkroom while Delia complains about
her stepdaughter's mournful attitude.
Charlie remains optimistic about their new
home, and Lydia admits that she likes how
the house is now.
But Delia is stern with her decision, telling
them that they'll get rid of everything in
the house by tomorrow.
On the next day, Barbara and Adam watch their
house get torn apart.
Delia commands the workers while Lydia takes
photos outside.
Adam sifts through the handbook, hoping to
find something that can help them.
A piece of paper falls from the pages, advertising
a bio-exorcist named Betelgeuse.
In the kitchen, Charlie prepares his tea,
looking forward to a relaxing day.
But one of Delia's sculptures crashes onto
the window.
The sculpture then drops, cornering Delia
onto a wall.
Lydia continues to take photos, then freezes
when she spots the Maitlands in the attic
window.
She gets distracted by Jane's car pulling
up, and when she looks back to the windows,
the figures are gone.
Barbara is stunned that Lydia looked at them,
but Adam doesn't believe that she saw them.
Outside, Lydia learns from Jane that the Maitlands
drowned.
She hands Lydia the skeleton key to open the
attic.
Curious, Lydia marches up the attic.
The Maitlands rush to block the door, wanting
the attic to be untouched.
The T.V. in the attic switches on by itself,
showing an advertisement with a man in a cowboy
costume, claiming to be Betelgeuse.
With the advertisement over, Adam plugs a
stick into the keyhole, ejecting the skeleton
key from the other side.
After Lydia stops, Adam checks the handbook,
remembering what to do if there's an emergency.
He uses chalk to draw a door on the wall,
but Barbara thinks it's silly, wondering if
they should try the bio-exorcist instead.
Once Adam is done, he knocks on the door three
times and waits.
The bricks on the wall open up, pouring green
light into the attic, which Lydia sees from
the door.
The couple holds hands as they enter the mysterious
door.
Later that day, Lydia interrupts Charlie's
birdwatching to tell him about the house being
haunted.
He shoos her away, hoping to get some peace.
Meanwhile, Barbara and Adam enter a strange
waiting room with even stranger people sitting
around.
Adam knocks on the information desk, where
the informant complains that they're already
asking for help after only two months since
their deaths.
She explains that they have to spend 125 years
in their house on Earth and only get three
sessions with their caseworker for help.
Since they don't have an appointment, the
informant tells them to wait like the rest.
With the Maitlands gone, Lydia finally enters
the attic, seeing Adam's miniature town model.
Then, she sees the handbook and reads through
it.
In the waiting room, Adam and Barbara are
uncomfortable with the other dead people.
The door opens, and a flattened man calls
the Maitlands.
The couple heads inside and makes their way
to an odd funhouse-looking hallway, searching
for the sixth door.
They pass by a door to the Lost Soul's Room,
where all the exorcised ghosts reside.
Adam and Barbara find the sixth door and enter,
finding a room with artistic furnishing.
Barbara's eyes widened, realizing that they're
back home.
The Deetzes have changed the interiors entirely.
Behind them appears their caseworker, Juno,
who tells them that three months have passed.
The couple explains that they're unhappy about
how the Deetzes wrecked their home.
Juno scolds them for not studying the manual,
telling them that they can get the Deetzes
out on their own.
When Barbara mentions Betelgeuse, Juno stops
her, warning her not to ask for his help.
Betelgeuse used to be Juno's trouble-making
assistant until he left to be a freelance
bio-exorcist.
Rumors say that he's been living in the Maitlands'
cemetery recently and will only surface if
someone says his name three times.
Juno insists for the Maitlands to deal with
the Deetzes on their own before disappearing.
With no other options, Adam is determined
to handle things by themselves.
When they leave, a fly lands on the cemetery
in Adam's model town.
A hand reaches out of the grass, offering
the fly a candy bar.
The fly goes near and gets pulled underground.
That evening, Charlie proposes to his old
boss, Max, to turn their new hometown into
a thriving community.
But Max is not convinced, seeing that the
town is in the middle of nowhere.
Upon ending the call, Charlie hears a moan
from outside.
He opens the door and sees a figure under
a sheet.
He scolds the figure, assuming that it's Lydia.
In the hallway, Barbara whines about using
the sheets as if they're kids playing ghosts.
Adam pushes her to continue.
In the master bedroom, the couple attempt
to wake and scare Delia.
But she simply turns the T.V. off before going
back to sleep.
The two exit the room surprised to see Lydia
taking photos of them in the hallway.
Lydia mocks them, thinking that it's her dad
and stepmom.
When she checks the polaroids, she sees that
there are no feet under the sheets.
She confronts them, but instead of being scared,
she's curious.
The Maitlands take off the sheets, frustrated
that they can't scare them.
Adam questions why Lydia can see them but
the others can't.
Having read the handbook, Lydia figures that
it's because she's unusual.
In the attic, the couple explains that they
wanted to scare them, so her family leaves
the house.
Lydia chuckles, knowing that her dad won't
let the house go even if it's haunted.
Lydia beams at the idea of talking to real
ghosts but tells them that they need to practice
more.
On the next day, Lydia tries to convince Delia
about the ghosts, but Delia refuses to listen
as she's busy preparing dinner for their guests
tonight.
In the attic, Adam checks the handbook for
other ideas when the model's cemetery lights
up.
Barbara wonders if it's Betelgeuse, and Adam
encourages her to repeat his name.
After she says it the third time, they're
transported into the small cemetery where
they find shovels on a gravestone.
They start digging into foam and cardboard
layers until they reach the coffin.
The coffin begins shaking, and Betelgeuse
comes out.
Scared, the couple runs away, but Betelgeuse
flies and blocks their way.
He kisses Barbara and asks Adam if he has
a chance with his wife.
The man annoys the couple until Barbara tells
him that they just want people out of their
house.
When asked if he can be scary, Betelgeuse
warps his face, horrifying the two.
Barbara pulls her husband away, regretting
having called the strange man.
Tired of his attitude, the couple makes to
leave, but Betelgeuse insists on making a
deal with them.
Barbara yells "home" thrice, and finally,
they're out of the model.
Betelgeuse gets angry, seeing that they're
gone.
Barbara insists that they can't let Betelgeuse
near Lydia.
Instead, she has an idea of what to do tonight.
That evening, the Deetz family share dinner
with their guests, including Otho, who talks
about the paranormal.
This prompts Lydia to announce that she'd
seen the ghosts in the house, but Delia disregards
it as a joke.
Suddenly, Delia starts singing The Banana
Boat Song to everyone's surprise.
Delia gets up and starts dancing along to
the song.
Charlie and the rest of the adults start performing
along, much to their own confusion.
Lydia laughs at the song and dance number.
The adults return to their seats, where their
shrimp cocktails turn into hands that reach
out and grab their faces before pushing them
off their chairs.
Adam and Barbara rush to the attic, excited
about their successful performance.
They check the window, expecting the guests
to run out of fear.
But nobody comes out.
Instead, Lydia tells them that the adults
want to meet them.
Downstairs, the adults are ecstatic about
the event, seeing a financial gain in discovering
the ghosts.
Lydia announces that the Maitlands refuse
to join them, disappointed that they're not
scared.
Exasperated, the guests leave.
Angered, Delia marches up the attic to speak
to the ghosts.
The door opens, letting them inside, but the
Maitlands aren't there.
Charlie takes an interest in the model town
while Otho takes the handbook.
Delia ushers everyone out of the room, hoping
that the Maitlands will return if they're
left alone.
Heading down the steps, Delia's hand slides
on the banister then hears a rattling of the
snake.
Delia looks down and sees the fence turn into
a snake's body that looms over them with a
demonic face.
The demon snake terrifies Delia and pushes
Otho down the steps.
It turns its head to Charlie and dangles him
by the leg.
The frightened Lydia begs for it to stop.
The snake drops Charlie to the floor and comes
after Lydia, but Barbara finds them just in
time.
She calls Betelgeuse's name three times, forcing
him away.
Lydia accuses Barbara of the events and leaves.
Back at the attic, the Maitlands find Betelgeuse
in the model town, confronting him for what
he did to the Deetzes.
Betelgeuse is frustrated but wonders about
Lydia.
Barbara picks him up, warning him to leave
the girl alone.
Suddenly, a demonic bar appears in the model
town, filled with ladies.
Betelgeuse happily goes in as Adam and Barbara
are summoned to Juno's office.
In Juno's office, Juno berates them for getting
themselves photographed, releasing Betelgeuse,
and letting Otho steal the handbook.
Juno explains that they cannot let the living
have proof of life after death.
Back at the house, Charlie and Delia dread
their meeting with Max.
Otho, however, is confident, claiming to be
an expert on the supernatural.
Inside, Lydia writes a goodbye letter, having
decided on throwing herself over the bridge.
In Juno's office, Juno pressures the couple
to get rid of the Deetzes and asks them what
they'll do next time.
The couple warps their faces into monstrous
forms, satisfying Juno enough to allow them
to continue.
In the attic, Lydia searches for the ghosts.
She hears Betelgeuse from the model town asking
her to say his name to summon him.
He uses charades to tell her his name, showing
her a giant beetle and an orange juice.
Lydia finally guesses his name but refuses
to say it for the third time, realizing that
he's the snake from earlier.
In the underworld, Barbara has a change of
heart, realizing that she cares for Lydia.
They walk back into the attic just as Lydia
is about to repeat Betelgeuse.
They stop her but seeing their monstrous forms,
Lydia gets scared.
Barbara changes back to her human face and
learns that Betelgeuse promised to take her
to the afterlife to find them.
Lydia admits that she wants to die.
The couple comforts her, promising that they'll
accept her family so she can visit them whenever
she wants.
Their conversation is interrupted when Charlie
and Otho storm in, carrying the model town
out of the attic.
Downstairs, Charlie presents his supernatural
town idea to Max.
Seeing that Max is displeased, Charlie asks
Lydia to invite the ghosts, but she claims
that the Maitlands will return only if they
promise not to make fun of them anymore.
With Lydia's news dampening the mood, Delia
diverts the attention to Otho, who reveals
that he has the handbook.
Otho asks for the ghosts' personal belongings,
and Delia gets an idea.
Later that night, Otho leads a seance with
the Maitlands' wedding clothes on the table.
Otho chants a spell, making the lights go
out and thunder raging outside.
Barbara first appears in her dress, but her
body rots quickly.
Adam appears in his wedding suit, holding
Barbara's hand, but her fingers deteriorate
in his touch.
The adults are both frightened and in awe.
Lydia begs them to stop, seeing that the Maitlands
are dying.
But Otho has finished the spell, which was
an exorcism instead of a seance.
Desperate, Lydia runs to ask Betelgeuse for
help.
He tells Lydia that he can help, but she must
agree to marry him to stay in the living world.
Lydia cringes at the thought but seeing that
Adam is rotting too, Lydia gathers up the
courage and summons Betelgeuse.
The model starts to shake, revealing a full-sized
Betelgeuse.
He releases an inflatable hammer in front
of Max and his wife, not noticing the test
of strength stand behind them.
Betelgeuse slams the hammer down, launching
the couple into the ceiling.
Betelgeuse releases the Maitlands from the
spell before grabbing Otho, turning his clothes
into a baby blue suit, scaring him off.
Lydia goes to her parents, who hug her protectively.
Betelgeuse joins in the hug, putting snakes
on Charlie's hand as dowry and changes into
a purple wedding suit.
He turns to Lydia, who is now wearing a red
wedding dress.
He summons her as he prepares the ceremony
for their union.
Delia's sculptures come to life, trapping
the parents to bear witness to the union.
The Maitlands struggle to get up, weakened
from their condition.
A small creature appears to officiate the
wedding.
Betelgeuse stops it from saying his name but
lets the ceremony proceed.
Betelgeuse pretends to think twice over the
marriage but says yes anyway.
Lydia tries to say no, but the groom covers
her mouth, copying her voice to say yes to
the wedding.
With their strength returned, Adam says Betelgeuse's
name, but his teeth snap off.
The dismembered mouth attempts to say the
name, and Betelgeuse stomps it away.
He sends Adam into the model town, leaving
Barbara to say his name.
Betelgeuse puts a zipper on her mouth, but
she's still able to say his name the second
time before being shut with a metal plate.
While Betelgeuse searches his pocket for the
rings, Adam gets in the model truck.
Betelgeuse sends Barbara to the supernatural
desert before putting a ring on Lydia's finger.
Adam crashes the model truck onto Betelgeuse's
shoes to distract him.
The ceiling breaks, revealing Barbara, now
in control of the sandworm.
The sandworm devours Betelgeuse before plunging
into the floor.
The officiant disappears, and the night is
finally over.
Months have passed, and Lydia happily leaves
school.
She returns to the house, which has now been
returned to the Maitlands' design.
She gives Adam new paint supplies and a photo
of the new town hall.
Lydia tells them how she refused to dissect
a frog at school, then shies away when Barbara
asks her about her math test.
She smiles coyly, announcing that she got
an A.
With her excellent grades, Lydia is awarded
by the house coming alive with music.
Hearing the music downstairs, Charlie smiles,
knowing that Lydia did well.
Delia scares him with a new sculpture, grinning
at his reaction.
Meanwhile, Betelgeuse is stuck in the afterlife
waiting room where the rest of the souls treat
him coldly.
He steals a witch doctor's ticket to allow
him to be next in line.
But the man shrinks his head as revenge.
With the Maitlands and the Deetzes living
together in harmony, Lydia dances in
the air, celebrating her new and happy life.